add graph reference section to expressions (#1162)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/queries/expressions.adoc

* A predicate expression (i.e. an expression returning a `BOOLEAN` value): `a.prop = 'Hello'`, `length(p) > 10`, `a.name IS NOT NULL`.
* Label and relationship type expressions: `(n:A|B)`, `+()-[r:R1|R2]->()+`.
* `null`.

[[graphreferences]]
== Graph references

> * static graph references: `USE <symbolic-name>` (for standard and system databases), `USE <symbolic-name>.<symbolic-name>` (for composite databases)
> * dynamic graph reference with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-byname[`graph.byName`] function, to access a graph of a given name: `USE graph.byName(<string-expression>)`
> * dynamic graph reference with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-by-elementid[`graph.byElementId`] function, to access a graph of a given node or relationship: `USE graph.byName(<element-id-string>)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Static graph references: `USE <symbolic-name>` (for link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/[standard and system databases]), `USE <symbolic-name>.<symbolic-name>` (for link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/composite-databases/concepts/[composite databases]).
* Dynamic graph reference with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-byname[`graph.byName`] function, to access a graph of a given name: `USE graph.byName(<string-expression>)`.
* Dynamic graph references with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-by-elementid[`graph.byElementId`] function, to access a graph of a given node or relationship: `USE graph.byName(<element-id-string>)`.
```

Rules on string expressions for graph references when using identifiers (static graph references, administration commands) or a string (graph.byName function):

> * Unquoted dots are separators between a composite database and its constituent. For example, `composite.db1` represents the constituent composite.db1 in the composite database composite. To refer to a database with a dot in its name, quote the graph reference instead: `+`composite.db1`+`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unquoted dots are separators between a composite database and its constituent. 
For example, `composite.db1` represents the constituent `composite.db1` in the composite database `composite`.
To refer to a database with a dot (`.`) in its name, quote the graph reference instead: `++`composite.db1`++`.
```

> * When resolving a graph reference within a graph function, the string argument is parsed the same as a static graph reference before resolving it. This means that for most arguments, `USE graph.byName(<graph-reference>)` is equal to `USE <graph-reference>`. However, escaping rules for xref::syntax/naming.adoc#symbolic-names-escaping-rules[symbolic names] are applied to the argument. When passing in a string literal, this means both the escaping rules for xref:queries/expressions.adoc#expressions-string-literals[string literals] (when parsing the query) as well as the escaping rules for xref::syntax/naming.adoc#symbolic-names-escaping-rules[symbolic names] (when evaluating the graph reference) are applied. For example, the graph reference in `USE graph.byName('+composite.1\\u0041+')` will resolve to the constituent `composite.1a` of the composite database `composite`.

Reviewer: Tried to shorten it a bit.

```suggestion
* When resolving a graph reference within a graph function,  the string argument is parsed like a static graph reference.
 Thus, `USE graph.byName(<graph-reference>)` is typically equivalent to `USE <graph-reference>`.
 However, escaping rules for xref::syntax/naming.adoc#symbolic-names-escaping-rules[symbolic names] are applied to the argument.
 For string literals, both the escaping rules for xref:queries/expressions.adoc#expressions-string-literals[string literals] (during query parsing) and xref::syntax/naming.adoc#symbolic-names-escaping-rules[symbolic names] (during graph reference evaluation) are applied.
For example, the graph reference in `USE graph.byName('+composite.1\\u0041+')` resolves to the constituent `composite.1a` of the composite database `composite`.
```

Graph references are used within:

* xref:clauses/use.adoc[`USE clauses`]

> * database and alias names when managing databases and aliases, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/[Database administration]

Author: maybe there's a better reference for this. Examples of where you can use this are:
CREATE DATABASE <graph-reference> ....
CREATE ALIAS <graph-reference> ...

> * database and alias names when managing databases and aliases, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/[Database administration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Database and alias names when managing link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/[databases and aliases].
```

* A predicate expression (i.e. an expression returning a `BOOLEAN` value): `a.prop = 'Hello'`, `length(p) > 10`, `a.name IS NOT NULL`.
* Label and relationship type expressions: `(n:A|B)`, `+()-[r:R1|R2]->()+`.
* `null`.

> [[graphreferences]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[graph-references]]
```

== Graph references

> * Database and alias names when managing link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/[databases and aliases]: `CREATE DATABASE <symbolic-name>`
> * Static graph references: `USE <symbolic-name>` or `USE <symbolic-name>.<symbolic-name>` (for constituents of a link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/composite-databases/concepts/[composite databases]).
> * Dynamic graph reference with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-byname[`graph.byName`] function, to access a graph of a given name: `USE graph.byName(<string-expression>)`.
> * Dynamic graph references with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-by-elementid[`graph.byElementId`] function, to access a graph of a given node or relationship: `USE graph.byName(<element-id-string>)`.
> * Retrieving properties of a graph with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-propertiesByName[`graph.propertiesByName`] function: `graph.propertiesByName(<string-expression>)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Database and alias names when managing link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/[databases and aliases]: `CREATE DATABASE <symbolic-name>`.
* Static graph references: `USE <symbolic-name>` or `USE <symbolic-name>.<symbolic-name>` (for constituents of a link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/composite-databases/concepts/[composite databases]).
* Dynamic graph reference with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-byname[`graph.byName`] function, to access a graph of a given name: `USE graph.byName(<string-expression>)`.
* Dynamic graph references with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-by-elementid[`graph.byElementId`] function, to access a graph of a given node or relationship: `USE graph.byName(<element-id-string>)`.
* Retrieving properties of a graph with the xref:functions/graph.adoc#functions-graph-propertiesByName[`graph.propertiesByName`] function: `graph.propertiesByName(<string-expression>)`.
```
